en: refactor the volume-snapshot restore performance description (#2176)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/backup-restore-snapshot-perf.md

| Restore stage     | Appropriate time taken | Restore ratio | Remarks                                                            |
| :--------: | :---------: | :------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------: |
| Creates clusters     | 30 seconds         |  2%      | Including the time for downloading docker image and starting PD                                   |
| Restores volumes     | 20 seconds         |  1%     | Including the time for starting the BR Pod and restoring volumes                                         |
| Starts TiKV   | 10 to 16 minutes    | 42%      | Including the time for starting RocksDB and reading the meta data of all Regions |

> | Restores data | 2 to 20 minutes    | 52%       |  Including the time for restoring data in the raft consensus layer and deleting MVCC data                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Restores data | 2 to 20 minutes    | 52%       |  Including the time for restoring data in the Raft consensus layer and deleting MVCC data                                 |
```

| Starts TiDB   | 1 minute        | 3%       |  Including the time for downloading the tidb docker image and starting TiDB                                           |

> **Note:**
>
> Volume snapshots are consistent upon crash. To start TiKV and restore data during EBS volume snapshot restore, data needs to be initialized first, that is, to be downloaded from Amazon S3. The initialization takes no more than 30 minutes and can be shortened to less than 5 minutes if you use high-performance disks that can increase the IOPS and bandwidth. For details about how to use high-performance disks, see [Restore period is excessively long (longer than 2 hours)](backup-restore-faq.md#restore-period-is-excessively-long-longer-than-2-hours).

### Restore performance data

> Time taken by snapshot restore using volumes mainly depends on the time taken by starting TiKV and restoring data. TiKV startup and data restore need to read volume data that is restored from snapshots. Such volume data is loaded with certain latency. Specifically, the data does not reach optimal performance immediately after restore but is available only after it is downloaded from Amazon S3 and written to the volumes.

Reviewer: The Chinese text is "这是因为，数据只有从 Amazon S3 下载完成...".
```suggestion
Time taken by snapshot restore using volumes mainly depends on the time taken by starting TiKV and restoring data. TiKV startup and data restore need to read volume data that is restored from snapshots. Such volume data is loaded with certain latency. Specifically, the data does not reach optimal performance immediately after restore. This is because the data is available only after it is downloaded from Amazon S3 and written to the volumes.
```
